README.md, before:


# Survival Guide for Online Teaching

## Goal

The goal of this project is to create a set of 10 recipes used by teachers at Data Science Retreat to successfully create and deliver online lessons on Data Sciene and related topics.

![survival guide](survival_guide.png)

## Target Audience

The recipes are to be used by experts who will deliver short online courses in the field of Data Science. The experts have plenty of industry experience but little experience in teaching. The audience will be 8-15 career changers with mixed backgrounds participating in a bootcamp.

## Recipe Structure

Each recipe is an illustrated guide of 1-2 pages with the structure:

1. What problem does the recipe solve?
2. How to solve the problem step-by-step?
3. Where to find more information / background info?

The recipes should heavily favor illustrations over text, so that they are easy to read and apply for busy people.
The documents will be prepared as SVG images and Markdown text so that it can be deployed in multiple forms, including infographics, blog posts, social media campaigns and PDF.

## Topics

* [How to save preparation time?](save_preparation_time.md)
* [How to decide what to teach?](decide_what_to_teach.md)
* [How to prevent installation failure?](prevent_install_failure.md)
* [How to start an online lesson?](start_class.md)
* [How to use storytelling?](storytelling.md)
* [How to create engaging coding exercises?](engaging_coding_exercises.md)
* [How to select material for self-study?](self_study_material.md)
* [How to encourage students to work together?](students_work_together.md)
* [How to react if students show disruptive behavior?](disruptive_behavior.md)
* [How to get instant feedback from students?](instant_feedback.md)


## License

(c) 2022 Kristian Rother and Jose Quesada / Data Science Retreat

CC-BY 4.0

Commit message:

set license to CC-BY-4.0

README.md, after:


# Survival Guide for Online Teaching

This guide is being created for teachers at [Data Science Retreat](https://datascienceretreat.com/)
to deliver excellent masterclasses.

## Goal

The goal of this project is to create a set of 10 recipes used by teachers at Data Science Retreat to successfully create and deliver online lessons on Data Sciene and related topics.

![survival guide](survival_guide.png)

## Target Audience

The recipes are to be used by experts who will deliver short online courses in the field of Data Science. The experts have plenty of industry experience but little experience in teaching. The audience will be 8-15 career changers with mixed backgrounds participating in a bootcamp.

## Recipe Structure

Each recipe is an illustrated guide of 1-2 pages with the structure:

1. What problem does the recipe solve?
2. How to solve the problem step-by-step?
3. Where to find more information / background info?

The recipes should heavily favor illustrations over text, so that they are easy to read and apply for busy people.
The documents will be prepared as SVG images and Markdown text so that it can be deployed in multiple forms, including infographics, blog posts, social media campaigns and PDF.

## Topics

* [How to save preparation time?](save_preparation_time.md)
* [How to decide what to teach?](decide_what_to_teach.md)
* [How to prevent installation failure?](prevent_install_failure.md)
* [How to start an online lesson?](start_class.md)
* [How to use storytelling?](storytelling.md)
* [How to create engaging coding exercises?](engaging_coding_exercises.md)
* [How to select material for self-study?](self_study_material.md)
* [How to encourage students to work together?](students_work_together.md)
* [How to react if students show disruptive behavior?](disruptive_behavior.md)
* [How to get instant feedback from students?](instant_feedback.md)


## License

(c) 2022 Kristian Rother

Available under the conditions of the [Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0 (CC-BY 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
